[pipeline] CogVideoX-Fun Control (#9671)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/api/pipelines/cogvideox.md

There is one model available that can be used with the image-to-video CogVideoX pipeline:
- [`THUDM/CogVideoX-5b-I2V`](https://huggingface.co/THUDM/CogVideoX-5b-I2V): The recommended dtype for running this model is `bf16`.

> There are two models that allow controllable generation (by the [Alibaba-PAI](https://huggingface.co/alibaba-pai) team):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two models that support pose controllable generation (by the [Alibaba-PAI](https://huggingface.co/alibaba-pai) team):
```
